[Exchange](legacy tokens) How to get list of add-ins using Exchange tokens (#5068)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens.md

### Which add-ins in my organization are impacted?

You can get a list of all add-ins that requested legacy Exchange Online tokens in the last seven days by using the `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens` command. For more information, see [Turn legacy Exchange Online tokens on or off](turn-exchange-tokens-on-off.md).

> Additionally, we published a list of all Outlook add-ins published to the Microsoft store that use legacy tokens as of October 2024. For more information on how to use the list and build a report of Outlook add-ins that are potentially using legacy tokens, see [Find Outlook add-ins that use legacy Exchange Online tokens](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/tree/release/add-in-ids). Also we're working on report tooling to make tracking add-ins using legacy tokens easier. We hope to have the report tooling available in early 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we published a list of all Outlook add-ins published to the Microsoft store that use legacy tokens as of October 2024. For more information on how to use the list and build a report of Outlook add-ins that are potentially using legacy tokens, see [Find Outlook add-ins that use legacy Exchange Online tokens](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/tree/release/add-in-ids). Also, we're working on report tooling to make tracking add-ins using legacy tokens easier (available soon!)
```

Author: no, thanks for catching that!
